# CarRentalManagement

A car rental is a vehicle that may be rented for a price and utilied for a specific length of time. Getting a rental automobile makes it easier for people to travel around when they don't have access to their own vehicle or don't own one at all. A person who needs transportation must call a rental car company and sign a contract. This method improves client retention while also making car and employee management more straightforward. The goal of the suggested online car rental system is for users to easily access the company's website to look for and reserve their preferred cars over the Internet from anywhere in the world at any time. As a result, the business is able to increase customer happiness while also increasing efficiency by giving customers better services. Customers will be able to reserve their vehicles from anywhere in the world due to the Car Rental System. Consumers provide information to this application by filling in their personal information. When a consumer creates an account on the website, he or she can reserve a car. The proposed system is an online system that is fully integrated. It effectively and efficiently automates manual procedures. Customers are aided by this automated method, which allows them to fill in the specifics according to their needs. It contains information on the sort of car they want to hire as well as the location. The goal of this system is to create a website where customers can book their automobiles and request services from anywhere in the world.
